[OSDOCS#17933]Add procedure for switching update channel. (#105475)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-upgrading-manual-ocm.adoc

> 
> The status is displayed in the *Update status* pane.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Close* to exit out of the *Update cluster* dialog.
+
The cluster is scheduled for an upgrade to the target version. This action can take up to an hour, depending on the selected upgrade schedule and your workload configuration, such as pod disruption budgets.
+
The status is displayed in the *Update status* pane.

```
If this floating content isn't attached to the previous step, then procedure numbering gets broken and your new step is rendered as step 1 (see the screenshot). 

<img width="698" height="318" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/562a851e-408d-4c84-a02d-5afe8ebe1563" />
